Updated Docker Development mode documentation (#76)
oduwsdl/tmvis: README.md

## Running as a Docker Container

Running the server in a [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) container can make the process of dependency management easier. This document assumes that you have Docker setup already, if not then follow the [official guide](https://docs.docker.com/installation/).

> A published Docker image can be used as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Docker image from the current version of the code is built and published on Docker Hub at [oduwsdl/tmvis](https://hub.docker.com/r/oduwsdl/tmvis). Pull the image and run the service in a container as shown below:

```

$ git clone https://github.com/oduwsdl/tmvis.git
$ cd tmvis
$ docker image build -t timemapvis .

> $ docker run --shm-size=1G -it --rm -v "$PWD":/app -v /app/node_modules -p 3000:3000 --user=$(id -u):$(id -g) timemapvis node tmvis.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ docker run --shm-size=1G -it --rm -p 3000:3000 timemapvis
```

To run the application in a simple mode, you do not need any of that extra stuff. You might document the location of the cache/screenshots directory so people can bind mount that volume for persistence, but you do not want them to mount the `$PWD` in `/app` which is the use case of development mode.

Author: This would make the code block match the non development mode block defined earlier in the file. Do you think it would be better to get rid of the non development block to avoid confusion and rename the heading of the development mode to say "Running as a Docker Container"?

Reviewer: There should be just one section for Docker in which you start from a simple use case, then talk about necessary volumes for persistent storage, and finally discuss what is needed if developers want to make their local changes reflected without rebuilding the image each time (unless a dependency changes). The whole naive and experimental annotation is unnecessary and confusing.

Author: Gotcha, I'll get rid of that and make appropriate changes. Thanks!

```

In the above command the container is running and can be accessed from outside on port `3000` at http://localhost:3000/. If you want to run the service on a different port, say `80` then change `-p 3000:3000` to `-p 80:3000`.

In order to persist generated thumbnails, mount a host directory as a volume inside the container by adding `-v /SOME/HOST/DIRECTORY:/app/assets/screenshots` flag when running the container.

Container is completely transparent from the outside and it will be accessed as if the service is running in the host machine itself.

> In case if you want to make changes in the `tmvis` code itself, you might want to run it in the development mode by mounting the code from the host machine inside the container so that changes are reflected immediately, without requiring an image rebuild.

Reviewer: This is where you would want to mount `$PWD` and declare `node_modules` volume to allow development mode. Note that mapping UID/GID is not needed if you do not worry about files on the host being written by the root user from the container. You can add that as an additional note, if someone wants to keep files under the ownership of the host user. Another point to note here is, if you are not supplying any arguments, there is no need to specify the command to run inside i.e., `node tmvis.js`, that is already the default `CMD` in the Dockerfile. If you want top execute another script/command, then you need to explicitly supply it.

```
$ docker run --shm-size=1G -it --rm -v "$PWD":/app -v /app/node_modules -p 3000:3000 timemapvis
```
